Read meLending Club Case Study1. Data set is having 39717 rows and 111 column values.2. This study is done to analyse to who the loan was given and to get more idea on loan data set.Data cleaning:1. Removing the columns containing all the null values as these columns will be of no use.2. Analysing and filling the null values with mean value, as mean and median both having approximate same value.3. Changing the data type of the values wherever need like for date time 4. Removing the values which will not help in overall analysis like removing symbols Ô%Õ and extra spaces.Observations:1. In the data set we have Fully paid loan status with the heights number.2. debt_consolidation is having the highest number of loan issued.3. Number of loan issued in California state is the heighst.4. Rent with 18428 number of loan issued is the height among all5. We can see the number of loan issued to 36 month is the highest.6. loan issued to non verified status is the highest.7. Number of loan issued to Greade B is highest.8. Subgrade A4 is having highest number of loan issued.9. From grade A to G Interest rate is increased10. There are high funded amount in A,B,C and D grades11. Majority of borrowers have been employed for at least 10 years.12. There was a positive correlation between interest rates and return of interest for borrowers who paid their loans.13. Borrowers with higher income has positive return of interest.14. There are more defaulters in RENT and MORTGAGE, so issuing loan to them in future could be risky.